oh hey mom it's brett oh hi mom how are
you good so did you have any ideas for
the parent project this month this is
like Sunday night homework you know that
feeling you get when you have sunday
night homework like school I got it
right it should be a little more fun
than homework I don't you have some
great thoughts but I have a couple of
ideas so is it okay to give you the
truth 30 lines explain what are the
stories let's hear them it's called the
tennis Ladies one of you two characters
are just read the story line tell me the
code the characters are tennis partners
Veronica and lazy they're in their 30s
and very attractive athletic and
youthful looking and then there's me and
Jillian muscular women with attitude and
foul mouth and there's line keepers guys
any guy okay the tennis when he's on a
beautiful sunny afternoon flow women
approach to tennis board for the start
of the Summer League Division one
doubles playoff tournament as the line
keepers scuttle into position in the
match again one can't help but notice
that Veronica and Lacey are wearing
frogs under their tennis virtually ways
well you what do you mean one can't help
but notice it they just for fun under
the surf is feeling difficult but it's
under the skirt how do people know well
they're always picking and fall and the
lines keepers are raised here everybody
says to whisper and now the people their
opponents become really upset because
the match starts off the court and this
was all shenanigans it's such a tactic
right action to go through warfare of
tennis ladies yes if you'll become angry
and begin to direct the balls for the
skirt Veronica and Lacey are busted for
unsportsmanlike behavior Nancy and Jill
take the win and you see only their arms
rolling their t-shirts around and they
leave the court get it yeah that's funny
that's good that sounds like funny with
a small F breath I have a lot of ideas
and I throw them all out I don't think
the good ideas I don't think they're
funny I just think the process I go
through when I make stuff is really
similar I think the same thing like I
don't know if it's good I have to get it
done are people going to like it I don't
think it's funny but if you feel like
you come with a bad story what's what's
the worse that could happen oh that my
children think I'm weird I don't think
they'll think you're weird okay let me
tell you number two then all right the
eagle has landed feeling buzzed setting
is on moons or like 21st 1959 hold on
there on the moon right the astronauts
are walking on the moon dispensing
offline but pant-load be Chad from your
diapers firming and loading your diaper
bag Roger that neova car though is in
the dumpster and nobody knew that they
were wearing these diapers I'll let me
think of them on the moon again the same
wish and they're practicing walking in
order to hide the duty walks that like a
baby has we have a problem I think it's
trickling down my leg disappoint you but
what he was it like Bernie why is it's
not disappointing i like these stories
why do you think it's disappointing oh
you having like frustrations over
creating these stories is something that
i think every creative person has no
matter what sort of creative thing they
do so it's a very normal thing to feel
well i don't care about that i just have
to explain these stories and coming up
with my family have you ever seen me
come up with stories like that no do you
think it's weird when i come up with
stories no not enough how come it's
weird when you do it not weird i do it
bambi amela it was really not like me to
tell furry said i'm trying i actually I
like working with you so you call me at
least place full of grace is shane wynn
come up with this before but i always
have a story behind the story i fell
where I got the idea you actually have
that phone thing happened to you I've
seen it yet but we're at the moonwalk
that's over that one I like to work
can't load I think it's funny
man on
ok